Spawn rework (#139)
RalfJung/minirust: spec/lang/machine.md

    /// The currently / most recently active thread.
    active_thread: ThreadId,

>     /// A set of threads that have been synchronized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// A set of threads that have been synchronized.
    /// A thread being added here in a given step means that if the very next step is
    /// by that thread, we do *not* do data race detection: there was synchronization
    /// between these two steps, so any potential accesses are not racing.
```

```rust
impl<M: Memory> Thread<M> {

>     fn new(func: Function, locals: Map<LocalName, Place<M>>) -> Self {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Create a new thread. The locals must have been already allocated.
    fn new(func: Function, locals: Map<LocalName, Place<M>>) -> Self {
```

        self.threads[self.active_thread]
    }

    fn spawn(&mut self, func: Function, data_pointer: Value<M>) -> NdResult<ThreadId> {
        let thread_id = ThreadId::from(self.threads.len());

        let mut locals = Map::new();

        // Create place for data pointer and place it there.
        let callee_local = func.args[0];
        let callee_pty = func.locals[callee_local];
        // Allocate place with callee layout (a lot like `StorageLive`).
        let callee_layout = callee_pty.layout::<M::T>();
        let p = self.mem.allocate(callee_layout.size, callee_layout.align)?;
        locals.insert(callee_local, p);
        // Copy the value at callee type. We know the types are both pointer so this will fit.
        // `p` is a fresh pointer so there should be no reason the store can fail.

>         // `Atomicity::Init` is okay since no other thread can have this allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // `Atomicity::Init` is okay since only the newly created thread can access this allocation.
```

        self.mem.typed_store(p, data_pointer, callee_pty, Atomicity::Init).unwrap();

>         // Create place for return local, if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Create place for return local, if needed.
        // The return value will be ignored in `terminate_active_thread`.
```

        ret(())
    }

    fn terminate_active_thread(&mut self, frame: StackFrame<M>) -> NdResult {
        let active = self.active_thread;
        assert!(active != 0, "the main thread cannot terminate");

        self.threads.mutate_at(active, |thread| thread.state = ThreadState::Terminated);

        // All threads that waited to join this thread get synchronized by this termination.
        for i in ThreadId::ZERO..self.threads.len() {

>             if self.threads[i].state == ThreadState::BlockedOnJoin(active) {

Reviewer: This function now does this loop twice -- here, and then just below to enable these threads. Please only iterate once.

            thread
        }).collect();

>         // Deallocate everything. Same as in return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Deallocate everything. Same as in return.
        // FIXME: avoid duplicating this code with `Return`.
```
